ISPN-13236 Spring docs: revision for style, structure, and accuracy (#9834)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_spring_cache_annotations.adoc

[id='spring-cache-annotations_{context}']
= Spring cache annotations

> Annotate your application code with the `@Cacheable` and `@CacheEvict` annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@Cacheable` and `@CacheEvict` annotations add cache capabilities to methods.
```

Any `Book` instances returned from `findBook(Integer bookId)` are stored in a cache named `books`, using `bookId` as the key.

[NOTE]
====
You must configure cache for your `Book`.

> ====

Reviewer: I don't think we need a note here. This should be a prereq in the procedure.
